docs: README re-organized (#477)
fluencelabs/aquavm: README.md

**Figure 2: AquaVM Interpreter Execution Model**

In summary, the AquaVM execution model handles the topological hops for simple and advanced composition patters, such as (async) parallel service execution on one or multiple peers.

## Aquamarine Intermediate Representation (AIR): IR for P2P Systems

AIR is an [S-expression](https://www.s-expressions.org/home)-based low-level language with binary form to come. It currently consists of fourteen instructions with more instructions to come. Semantics of AIR is inspired by [π-calculus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%CE%A0-calculus), [λ-calculus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lambda_calculus), and [category theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category_theory). Its syntax is inspired by [Wasm Text Format](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/WebAssembly/Understanding_the_text_format) (WAT) and [Lisp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisp_(programming_language)).
AIR scripts control the Fluence peer-to-peer network, its peers and even resources on other (p2p) networks, such as IPFS and Filecoin, e.g., [Fluence IPFS library](https://fluence.dev/docs/aqua-book/libraries/aqua-ipfs) through Marine adapter services.

> A description of AIR values and a list of AIR instructions together with examples of their usage can be found [here](./docs/AIR.md). The main properties of AIR and its interface are discussed [here](./air/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A complete list of AIR instructions with examples of their usage can be found [here](./docs/AIR.md). The fundamental contracts of AquaVM interface along with a more detailed scheme of interaction can be found [here](./air/README.md).
```
